this is a lower opening
what is next to that means that more use of instability and
combination
which starts with the acquisition of the left arm
none of them any more
you then speak your left arm
a bit to work away after behind
then the roads that elbow and knee
a straight leg together
a plug according to off
that is the start of the scheme
And there the intention is that you do the movement
6 going fast
as quickly as possible
a dynamic move
by ten times
and I'll be back and the transition
and also exchanged an opportunity
start second cell the other side with your left leg
who is the strongest right arm
first slowly knee and elbow towards each other
and make bad roads slowly
a temple
already
and I could take the pressure of tradition
we are going to make the exercise a bit more difficult and we are going to be comparable
that is, your left arm
and in the left
so that the ball is already standing
a movement is very quietly three knee and elbow towards each other
and in my thirtieth states
I have to keep moving
then I come back to tradition
and we do the same with the right side
cross the right leg
and right arm
I'm not worried about the elbow
a lot slower
poldermans found
that always goes
fast
and I will return to the grieving process